feat(apm): Add information on configuring scope with transaction for Node.js (#1867)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/collections/_documentation/performance-monitoring/configuration/node.md

- `get` calls using native `http` and `https` modules
- Middleware (Express.js only)

**Trace context for Errors**

By default, Sentry error events will not get trace context unless you configure the scope with the transaction. For example:

```js
const Sentry = require("@sentry/node");
const Apm = require("@sentry/apm");

const http = require('http');

Sentry.init({
  dsn: "___PUBLIC_DSN___",
  tracesSampleRate: 1.00,
  integrations: [
    // enable HTTP calls tracing
    new Sentry.Integrations.Http({ tracing: true }),
  ],
});

const transaction = Sentry.startTransaction({
  op: "transaction",
  name: 'My Transaction'
});

> Sentry.configureScope(scope => {
>   scope.setSpan(transaction);
> });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Note that we set the Transaction as the Span on the scope
// This step makes sure that in case an error happens during the lifetime of the transaction
// The Transaction context will be attached to the error event
Sentry.configureScope(scope => {
  scope.setSpan(transaction);
});
```

  name: 'My Transaction'
});

> // Note that we set the Transaction as the Span on the scope

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// Note that we set the transaction as the span on the scope.
```

> // This step makes sure that in case an error happens during the lifetime of the transaction

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// This step makes sure that if an error happens during the lifetime of the transaction
```

> // The Transaction context will be attached to the error event

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
// the transaction context will be attached to the error event
```
